Jishnu C K Email : jishnuck26@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jishnuck/ Mobile : 8848504060
Education
 
National Institute of Technology(NIT), Karnataka Surathkal, Karnataka
B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering; CGPA: 7.14 April 2014 { May. 2018
Experience
 
Synopsys India Pvt. Ltd. Bengaluru ,Karnataka
R and D Engineer I Feb 2021 - Present
  Web Application using Django: Implemented a scalable web application from scratch to dynamically keep
track of performance metrics of successive software versions using the Django Web Framework and Python. Used
HTML,CSS,Javascript to create an easy to use interface and made use of a PostgreSQL Database.
  Automated Job submission and Log Parser: Built a distributed Job Submission system to trigger daily and
weekly regression runs. It employs a multi-threaded approach to track the runs to completion. On successful
completion, the logs of the individual runs are parsed and data collected is stored to a PostgreSQL DB.
  Auto-Triangulation System: Built a distributed Triangulation system to  nd out software changes which caused
performance degradation between two successive Software versions and also connected it to a Web interface to
create 
ags for the identi ed culprit changes.Used the multiprocessing module in Python to achieve parallelism.
 
Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Bengaluru ,Karnataka
Software Test Engineer Sep 2018 - Feb 2021
  GNSS Test Automation: Implemented a complete automated setup to test the GNSS module of an embedded
Telematics system using Python, in turn saving 60 percent Tester time.
  Jenkins Automation Framework: Implemented a Jenkins work 
ow so that entire SW life cycle from
integration to Testing of software is automated, saving 100 percent testing time.
  GUI application using Tkinter and Matplotlib: Implemented a GUI application to plot the real time CPU
usage and Power consumption of an embedded system.
Tech Stack
  Languages:
Advanced:Python
Intermediate:SQL,C,C++,CSS,HTML,Shell scripting
Beginner: JavaScript,Assembly
  Python libraries:
PyTorch, Tensor
ow, Pandas,scikit-learn,Selenium
  Databases:
PostgreSQL
  Tools:
Jenkins,Perforce,JIRA,Git
  Web Technologies:
Django
Projects
  Self Supervised Learning for Visual Representation: Used Vision Transformer based architecture for classi cation
task on CIFAR10, imbalanced CIFAR10 and Flowers data sets. Compared the performance on three di erent models i.e
MocoV3, DINO and Masked Auto-encoder(MAE).
Achievements
  Recognition: Received Quarterly Award at India Team level at Synopsys
  Recognition: Got Multiple Awards at Group level for Test Automation and Issue reproduction in Robert Bosch
  1st position: National Quiz competition conducted by SAIL,India and Readers's Digest
Certifications
  PG Level Certi cate for the Advanced Programme in Deep Learning Foundations and Applications
(IISC, Bangalore): An year long program covering Deep Learning Concepts and Applications. Received Grade "A"
